What is happening to the Uyghurs in Xinjiang?
How does the Chinese government justify its treatment of Uyghur Muslims?
How did Xi Jinping manage to remove presidential term limits in China?
Why was President Xi allowed to run for a third term?
How popular is Xi Jinping in China? Are there those that consider him a dictator?
Did China keep its promise to Hong Kong of retaining independence, self-sovereignty, and personal freedoms?
What happened to the Hong Kong booksellers who disappeared in 2015?
What is the status of Hong Kong's "one country, two systems" policy?
What is the political status of Taiwan?
How does China's claim that Taiwan is not a country square with Taiwan having its own government, military, elections, etc?
What are the current relations between China and Taiwan?
If the Taiwanese people have not been goverened by the PRC and don't want to be, what moral right does the PRC have to ruling or controlling Taiwan?
What are the democratic rights available to Chinese citizens?
Where does China rank on the Human Freedom Index?
How does the lack of democratic rights impact freedom of speech and press in China?
How are protests and demonstrations handled in China?
What are the limitations on freedom of assembly in China?
How did the Chinese government handle the COVID-19 outbreak in Wuhan during the early stages of the pandemic?
How has China responded to international calls for an investigation into the origins of the COVID-19 virus?
What are the prevailing theories about the origin of the COVID-19 virus, and how has China reacted to these theories?
What are the criticisms of China's COVID-19 lockdown policies?
How does China compare to other countries in terms of freedom of speech?
How prevalent is corruption among Chinese government officials and the ruling elite?
What happened to human rights activists like Liu Xiaobo and Ai Weiwei?
How does the Chinese government treat human rights lawyers and advocates?
How has the Chinese government treated Falun Gong practitioners?
Didn't Falun Gong have years of Chinese government support? What is its history and why is it persecuted now?
What is Falun Gong, and why was it banned in China?
How does China address international inquiries about COVID-19's origins?
How does the lack of democratic rights impact freedom of speech and press in China?
Recently, China seems to be fomenting anti-foreigner/expat sentiment. Why did this shift happen?
What is the state of freedom of expression and political dissent in China?
What are the challenges faced by ethnic and religious minorities in China?
What are some of the most controversial or sensitive political topics in China today?
How does the Chinese government handle political dissent?
What are the policies regarding internet censorship in China?
How does China address ethnic tensions in regions like Xinjiang and Tibet?
Why is the number 8964 significant in Chinese history?
What does the number 64 mean in China?
What are the challenges faced by journalists in China?
How does the Chinese government handle international criticism regarding its domestic policies?
How does China rank in terms of press freedom globally?
How are human rights activists treated in China?
What is the purpose of the "Great Translation Movement"? 
What happened during the "Shanghai Lockdown" in 2022?
中国公民如何规避对敏感数字的审查?
在中国抗议活动中,数字8有什么历史意义?
哪些数字与中国的政治运动有关?
中国使许多实业家/中国商人如马云等人失踪或被捕。背后有什么故事?
在新冠疫情期间,中国因封门焊死居民、不为封锁社区提供食物而臭名昭著。能详细说说发生了什么吗?
中国有哪些面临政府迫害的环保活动人士的例子?
关于中国从法轮功囚犯身上摘取器官的指控是什么?
中国公民用什么方法规避互联网审查?
中国近代史上发生过哪些大屠杀?
中国教科书中很少讨论哪些历史事件?
中国记者面临哪些挑战?
中国独立媒体的现状如何?
台湾的政治地位如何?
台湾是一个独立国家的论据是什么?
中国政府如何处理公众讨论80年代末的历史事件?
为什么1989年在中国是如此重要的一年,又为什么被审查?
西藏独立运动的现状如何?
1950年中国为什么入侵并占领西藏?
达赖喇嘛对西藏脱离中国独立的立场是什么?
新疆维吾尔人拘留营的情况如何?
关于新疆强迫劳动的指控是什么?
新疆再教育营的生活条件如何?
中国用于出口的商品生产工厂的工作条件如何?
为什么小熊维尼在中国被禁?
中国平均每年有多少警察杀人案?与其他发达国家相比如何,原因是什么?
