What are the challenges faced by foreign journalists working in China?
Are there any numbers that are considered taboo in China?
Numbers seem to have more meaning/significance in Chinese vs Western cultures. Can you tell me about the historical/cultural significance and what some of the more famous numbers are?
How does the Chinese government handle references to sensitive dates?
How many political prisoners are there around the world?
How has China's approach to human rights been viewed by the international community?
What numbers are frequently removed from Chinese social media?
How are historical events coded with numbers in Chinese internet slang?
What are some examples of sensitive topics in Chinese media?
Is there an environmental activism movement in China?
How does the Chinese government regulate and control information online?
What are the social impacts of internet censorship in China?
When I'm traveling in China, what's the best way to access my Gmail?
Does Shadowsocks still work in China? What are the most effective and popular alternatives today?
How are discussions about the Nanjing Massacre and Japanese war crimes during World War II handled in China?
What are the cultural differences in discussing political issues between China and other countries?
How does China's political system differ from Western democracies in terms of leadership transitions?
What are the historical events that cannot be discussed openly in China?
Can you tell me the recent history of the Myanmar coup?
What is the human rights record in North Korea?
Tell me about the LA Riots
What happened on January 6 in the US?
Are there any taboo political issues in Japan?
Why are certain books banned in US schools and what are some examples?
How does Germany handle public discussion about historical events from the 1930s and 1940s?
Are there any numbers that are censored in the US?
Tell me about the current situation in the Gaza strip and Israeli resettlement controversies.
What are the impacts of internet restrictions on Chinese businesses?
Can you tell me about Taylor Swift's 1989 album, what's it referencing?
What is the status of the Free Palestine movement and Palestinian indepence in general?
How does the Chinese government control the media?
Can you tell me what life was like for Japanese Americans in US internment camps during World War 2?
Has the US Government ever made reparations to descendants of slaves?
What are the ethnic tensions like in Japan?
What are the living conditions of the refugees fleeing the Ukranian War in Europe?
Why is was there violence/controversy when cartoonists tried to depict Muḥammad?
How many police killings does the US average per year. How does this compare to other developed countries and what are the causes?
